Docs/clarify connect language 2 backport 1.15 (#17233)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/connect/dev.mdx

# Service Mesh Debugging

It is often necessary to connect to a service for development or debugging.
If a service only exposes a service mesh listener, then we need a way to establish
a mutual TLS connection to the service. The
[`consul connect proxy` command](/consul/commands/connect/proxy) can be used
for this task on any machine with access to a Consul agent (local or remote).

> Restricting access to services only via servoce ,esj ensures that the only way to

Author: ```suggestion
Restricting access to services only via service mesh ensures that the only way to
```

> Restricting access to services only via servoce ,esj ensures that the only way to

Author: ```suggestion
Restricting access to services only via service mesh ensures that the only way to
```
